# Open Housing
### Overview:
The “Open Housing” project is a simulation of a web service that is free to use, where your obligation is to be the intermediary between the landlord and the tenant of a property (v1.0), i.e. to guarantee the reliability of the rental process, working as an e-rental service.

Users who use the service as a landlord will have a term of responsibility generated by the system, in which it will only be possible to rent the property with this term signed and confirmed by legal means. Once the term has been signed, the landlord is obliged to hand over a copy of the property key to the Open Housing agent.

Users who use the service as tenants will be able to check images of the properties and make visits (accompanied by Open Housing agents). If the user wants to rent the property, the system will generate a rental contract, which will contain the legal terms and conditions, as well as details about the property (furniture present, observations, conditions...). Finally, when the user rents the property, they will have the key provided by the Open Housing agent.

### Conditions:
Landlords will be able to set the rental price of a property, where real estate agents provided by Open Housing will assess the conditions and determine whether the price is appropriate with the condition of the property. If not, the agents will suggest prices that are more in line with the property's condition, and if the landlord doesn't accept the new suggested price, the property becomes unavailable for rent on the website.

If the landlord and Open Housing's real estate agents reach an agreement on the price of the property, 5% of the rent will be sent to Open Housing as a service charge.

## Tech Stack
### Back-end:
- Java 21
- Spring Boot 3.7.1
- Jaspersoft
- JWT
- Rest API
- Kafka
- PostgreSQL
- MongoDB
- JPA/Hibernate
- Maven
- Lombok

### Front-end:
- React Native
- Typescript
- SCSS
- Bootstrap

### Tools:
- n8n
- Git
- Postman
- Docker
- Docker Compose

## License
This software project is protected by the [MIT License](./LICENSE)